[ci-app] Default branch troubleshooting (#14401)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/troubleshooting.md

#### Possible issues with wall time calculation
If you're using a library for testing time-dependent code, like [timecop][7] for Ruby or [FreezeGun][8] for Python, it is possible that test timestamps are wrong, and therefore calculated wall times. If this is the case, make sure that modifications to time are rolled back before finishing your tests.

### The default branch is not correct
#### How it impacts the product
The default branch is used to calculate some of the metrics, namely:

> - Wall time: Calculate the wall time percentiles.

Author: Ok that was in the list of things impacted, I didn't know what to say here. I will remove it

> - Default branches list: only default branches are displayed there, so a branch that is not result would result in a missing item from this table or the wrong branch being displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default branches list: only default branches are displayed there, so a branch that is not results in a missing item from this table or the wrong branch being displayed.
```

- Wall Time comparison for non-default branches: The **vs Default** value is calculated comparing against the default branch.

> - New Flaky tests: The known flaky tests are based on the default branch runs, if that is not properly set, it can lead to wrong New Flaky Test detections.

Reviewer 2: I think we should be more explicit about what new flaky tests means:
"New flaky tests are tests that were never flaky previously in the default branch: if the default branch is not properly set, this could lead to a wrong number of detected new flaky tests."

Reviewer 3: Rather than explaining what flaky tests are in a troubleshooting section about something different, maybe we should link to the flaky test docs? https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_integration/guides/flaky_test_management/

Reviewer 2: You are right, though it seems the explanation on this page is not right https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_integration/guides/flaky_test_management/#watch-for-new-flaky-tests

> ### The default branch is not correct
> #### How it impacts the product
> The default branch is used to calculate some of the metrics, namely:
> 
> - Default branches list.
> 
> - Wall Time comparison for non-default branches: The **vs Default** value is calculated comparing against the default branch.
> 
> - New flaky tests: Those are tests that were never flaky previously in the default branch, so, if the default branch is not properly set, this could lead to a wrong number of detected new flaky tests.
> 
> #### How to fix the default branch
> You can easily update[^1] it on the [Repository Settings Page](https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/settings/repository).
> 
> [^1]: *You need priveleged access to change it.*
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### The default branch is not correct
#### How it impacts the product
The default branch is used to power some features of the products, namely:

- Default branches list: only default branches are displayed there, so a branch that is not result would result in a missing item from this table or the wrong branch being displayed.

- Wall Time comparison for non-default branches: in the Branches list page, the **VS Default** column is calculated comparing wall time for the current branch against wall time for the default branch.

- New flaky tests: Those are tests that were never flaky previously in the default branch, so, if the default branch is not properly set, this could lead to a wrong number of detected new flaky tests.

#### How to fix the default branch
You can easily update[^1] it on the [Repository Settings Page](https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/settings/repository).

[^1]: *You need privileged access to change it.*

```

> - New flaky tests: Those are tests that were never flaky previously in the default branch, so, if the default branch is not properly set, this could lead to a wrong number of detected new flaky tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New flaky tests: Tests that were never flaky previously in the default branch. If the default branch is not properly set, this could lead to a wrong number of detected new flaky tests.
```

Reviewer 4: Can we change the wording of the new flaky section? It's not that the tests were never flaky previously in the default branch, it's that they aren't currently marked as flaky in the default branch.

Author: Sure thing. I will change that.

> You can easily update[^1] it on the [Repository Settings Page](https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/settings/repository).

Reviewer: This link should be reference number notation like the rest, and needs to be added to the bottom of this file.

```suggestion
If you have admin access, you can update it from the [Repository Settings Page][9].
```

> 
> [^1]: *You need priveleged access to change it.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
